yes hello and welcome to my
wanted second match in minecraft today
I'll give you our ride food restaurant
show what you have on the server and
yes, what a surprise it is
of course, a McDonald's restaurant
something very rare that possible
where do we start you outside
seats right and left in
sufficient amount available
can eat the most beautiful full
the side
Once it's about distances of the interpret
clear the same on the other side
here we have a small one
play area that is a climbing tower
and a rope or ribbon from kletterwand
Ropes with red rubber floor in case
the little fat children sometimes
should smear it again
any claims for damages
I'm building or something
the publisher than could
Shield lit great illuminated
signs with and distant home sees
every mcdonald's we too have a mc
drive or drive in
is here quite important transit
to note is that you demolish star
so here we have our two
You can order every 3
What ever
we are back around the corner then the
two issue switches
times to peek bit
I'll show you from inside
everything so the carrier entrance is here
enough inside as well as outside
seating for eating or just
just implement footprint slightly larger
also explain
here the cashier area four
electronic cash registers 124
clock in the morning local time determined
the kitchen here you can see the shelves and
the storage containers for the citizens
sent me everything it has then
by means of beverage machines and so on
keep it up
Here is nice cleaned the whole
day is over fire is so can already
the operation deduction room for everyone
oven or for every grill
on both sides
deduction to
this played here in front of the should
hot bitter for the cabbage for the
had drinks
weinmann can be as open to everyone in it
bottom with drive order switch or
free I ordered tapers wanted me
and here again to the issue switch
you see
what has been shown will be here
automatic input will pick up
electric cash registers
that was a mcdonald's thing
you liked it
Two good all night sees it
is directed
Yes
my mother fly away
there is the big sign
is lit.
all well lit enough at least
that was it so far from mine
second live show
I'm listening for from for
watch and take care of the